ParseEmailFilesV2: Clarified parse_only_headers description (#38255)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_19_15.md

#### Scripts

##### ParseEmailFilesV2

> Updated the parse_only_headers parameter description for clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation and metadata improvements. Updated the ***parse_only_headers*** argument description for clarity.
```

> Documentation and metadata improvements. Updated the ***parse_only_headers*** argument description for clarity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Documentation and metadata improvements. Updated the *parse_only_headers* argument description for clarity.
```
